LOC:city What county is Modesto , California in ?
LOC:city What city had a world fair in 1900 ?
LOC:other What river in the US is known as the Big Muddy ?
LOC:other Where is John Wayne airport ?
LOC:mount Where are the Rocky Mountains ?
LOC:other Where is the Orinoco River ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Yugoslavia ?
LOC:city Where is Milan ?
LOC:city What is the oldest city in the United States ?
LOC:other What river flows between Fargo , North Dakota and Moorhead , Minnesota ?
LOC:state What state did the Battle of Bighorn take place in ?
LOC:other What strait separates North America from Asia ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in the world ?
LOC:other Where is the Mall of the America ?
LOC:country What country did Juan Ponce de Leon come from ?
LOC:other Where is Prince Edward Island ?
LOC:city What county is Phoenix , AZ in ?
LOC:other What is the highest dam in the U.S. ?
LOC:other Where is Perth ?
LOC:other Where is the Holland Tunnel ?
LOC:other Where are the National Archives ?
LOC:other What continent is Egypt on ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Mongolia ?
LOC:state What state is the geographic center of the lower 48 states ?
LOC:other Where is the volcano Mauna Loa ?
LOC:other What peninsula is Spain part of ?
LOC:other Where is the Shawnee National Forest ?
LOC:state What U.S. state 's motto is `` Live free or Die '' ?
LOC:other Where is the Lourve ?
LOC:other Where is the Euphrates River ?
LOC:other Where did Howard Hughes die ?
LOC:city What city has the zip code of 35824 ?
LOC:city What city 's newspaper is called `` The Enquirer '' ?
LOC:other Where is the volcano Olympus Mons located ?
LOC:state What province is Montreal in ?
LOC:other What New York City structure is also known as the Twin Towers ?
LOC:mount Which mountain range in North America stretches from Maine to Georgia ?
LOC:other Where is the Grand Canyon ?
LOC:other In Poland , where do most people live ?
LOC:other What is the location of the Sea of Tranquility ?
LOC:other What is the longest suspension bridge in the U.S. ?
LOC:city What are the twin cities ?
LOC:other What planet is known as the `` red  planet '' ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Ethiopia ?
LOC:other Where on the body is a mortarboard worn ?
LOC:other Where is Hitler buried ?
LOC:city What is the largest city in the U.S. ?
LOC:other Where is the Savannah River ?
LOC:other What planet has the strongest magnetic field of all the planets ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Persia ?
LOC:other Where is the Eiffel Tower ?
LOC:other What is the deepest lake in the US ?
LOC:other Where is the Little League Museum ?
LOC:other What is the brightest star ?
LOC:other What is the street address of the White House ?
LOC:other What is the location of Lake Champlain ?
LOC:other What soviet seaport is on the Black Sea ?
LOC:other Where do apple snails live ?
LOC:mount What is the second highest mountain in the world ?
LOC:city What city 's newspaper is called `` The Star '' ?
LOC:other Where is the Mason/Dixon line ?
LOC:city What is the capital of Zimbabwe ?
LOC:other What are Canada 's two territories ?
LOC:other What continent is Argentina on ?
LOC:other Where is the tallest roller coaster located ?
LOC:other Where are the British crown jewels kept ?
LOC:country Which country has the most water pollution ?
LOC:other What is the rainiest place on Earth ?
LOC:other Where was the first golf course in the United States ?
LOC:other What is the National Park in Utah ?
LOC:state In which state would you find the Catskill Mountains ?
LOC:city What Canadian city has the largest population ?
LOC:country Which country gave New York the Statue of Liberty ?
LOC:other What river runs through Rome , Italy ?
LOC:city What city is also known as `` The Gateway to the West '' ?
